docs/3_user_interface/11_settings.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 10
description: 'Application settings.'
---

# Settings

The settings page contains a few different widgets to control
the application.

![Settings Page](/img/screenshots/settings.png)

## Frontend & Backend Status

These widgets show some basic information about the application's
current state.

## Change Password

This widge allows changing of the password to login. Multiple 
users are not currently supported.

## App Updates

By default, the application checks a remote json file to find the
current version available. This widget will notify of any updates
that are available.

There is no auto-update function built into the web UI.

## Backup and Restore

This widge links to the backup and restore page. The application 
by default automatically backs up locally on a weekly basis. You 
can download backups on this page or create a new backup.

Existing backups can also be deleted.

Restore functionality is not yet implemented.

## Shutdown Cert Warden

This widget allows for programatic triggering of a shutdown or 
restart of the application.

Depending on how the application is run (e.g. as a service), 
the shutdown command may still lead to a restart via a mechanism 
outside of the control of the application.

Commit message:

settings: update * fix a typo * update screenshot * add info about change pw is only for local users * add info about frontend debug toggle

docs/3_user_interface/11_settings.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 10
description: 'Application settings.'
---

# Settings

The settings page contains a few different widgets to control
the application.

![Settings Page](/img/screenshots/settings.png)

## Frontend & Backend Status

These widgets show some basic information about the application's
current state.

The `Frontend Status` widget contains a toggle to display some additional
debugging information in the client. Some of this information is displayed
in the browser's console, while other information is shown on various
pages of the frontend app. 

## Change Password

This widget allows changing of the password to login. Multiple 
local users are not currently supported. This widget will not be
shown if the user is not a local user (e.g., they logged in through
OIDC).

## App Updates

By default, the application checks a remote json file to find the
current version available. This widget will notify of any updates
that are available.

There is no auto-update function built into the web UI.

## Backup and Restore

This widge links to the backup and restore page. The application 
by default automatically backs up locally on a weekly basis. You 
can download backups on this page or create a new backup.

Existing backups can also be deleted.

Restore functionality is not yet implemented.

## Shutdown Cert Warden

This widget allows for programatic triggering of a shutdown or 
restart of the application.

Depending on how the application is run (e.g. as a service), 
the shutdown command may still lead to a restart via a mechanism 
outside of the control of the application.
