docs/3_user_interface/9_providers/index.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 9
description: 'How to configure Challenge Solvers.'
---

# Providers (Challenge Solvers)

Providers AKA Challenge Solvers are how you prove to the ACME Server that you 
actually control the domain(s) you're requesting certificates for.

There are two main methods to accomplish this. One is http-01 and the other is 
dns-01.

The `Providers` page shows all current providers. It also allows adding, 
editing, and deleting of providers.

## Challenge Types

### http-01

The http-01 method works by running an http server that provides a specfic 
reply to the ACME Server when it reaches out to the http server. The 
http response MUST be provided by the domain name you're requesting a 
certificate for and it must be served from internet facing port 80.

This tends to prove challenging for a number of reasons so 
most people use the dns-01 method instead. If you do want to use http-01, LeGo
provides a built-in http server specifically for this purpose.

This method does NOT support wildcards.

### dns-01

The dns-01 method works by provisioning a dns TXT record that the ACME Server
checks for. Since no internet facing http service is required, this tends to 
be the preferred method, though it does have its own risks such as usually 
requiring API keys capable of adding and deleting dns records, which if 
compromised could be substantially harmful.

LeGo has a number of dns-01 options built-in, but the most common for users 
is likely to be the acme.sh method as it supports the most dns providers.

## Configuration

### Domains

You can add as many providers as you need. Each provider's configuration requires
a list of the domains the provider should be used for. If you only have one 
provider or if you have a provider that handles most domains, you can configure
one wildcard provider using a single domain of `*` which directs LeGo to use
the provider for all domains that aren't explicitly defined on another provider.

:::tip
Do not use wildcards here. The provider will be selected for all subdomains 
(including the wildcard subdomain) of the specified domains.
:::

### Provider Specific Options

Select your provider for more detailed configuration information.

import DocCardList from '@theme/DocCardList';

<DocCardList />

Commit message:

update name to Cert Warden

docs/3_user_interface/9_providers/index.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 9
description: 'How to configure Challenge Solvers.'
---

# Providers (Challenge Solvers)

Providers AKA Challenge Solvers are how you prove to the ACME Server that you 
actually control the domain(s) you're requesting certificates for.

There are two main methods to accomplish this. One is http-01 and the other is 
dns-01.

The `Providers` page shows all current providers. It also allows adding, 
editing, and deleting of providers.

## Challenge Types

### http-01

The http-01 method works by running an http server that provides a specfic 
reply to the ACME Server when it reaches out to the http server. The 
http response MUST be provided by the domain name you're requesting a 
certificate for and it must be served from internet facing port 80.

This tends to prove challenging for a number of reasons so 
most people use the dns-01 method instead. If you do want to use http-01, Cert Warden
provides a built-in http server specifically for this purpose.

This method does NOT support wildcards.

### dns-01

The dns-01 method works by provisioning a dns TXT record that the ACME Server
checks for. Since no internet facing http service is required, this tends to 
be the preferred method, though it does have its own risks such as usually 
requiring API keys capable of adding and deleting dns records, which if 
compromised could be substantially harmful.

Cert Warden has a number of dns-01 options built-in, but the most common for users 
is likely to be the acme.sh method as it supports the most dns providers.

## Configuration

### Domains

You can add as many providers as you need. Each provider's configuration requires
a list of the domains the provider should be used for. If you only have one 
provider or if you have a provider that handles most domains, you can configure
one wildcard provider using a single domain of `*` which directs Cert Warden to use
the provider for all domains that aren't explicitly defined on another provider.

:::tip
Do not use wildcards here. The provider will be selected for all subdomains 
(including the wildcard subdomain) of the specified domains.
:::

### Provider Specific Options

Select your provider for more detailed configuration information.

import DocCardList from '@theme/DocCardList';

<DocCardList />
