docs/2_getting_started/6_first_certificate.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 6
description: 'Issuing the first certificate.'
---

# First Certificate

Once the account is ready, it is time to move on to issuing the first 
certificate.

:::tip
Use the staging account first to work out any issues or errors prior to 
trying this with your production account.
:::

## Create A Private Key

This step can be skipped when intending to generate a new key. 
Generating a new key is an option presented when creating a new 
certificate.

If you want to import an existing key, navigate to `Private Keys`, 
click `New Key`, and import the key before proceeding.

## Create A New Certificate

Navigate to `Certificates` and click `New Certificate`. Populate the 
form with the desired details.

![New Staging Certificate](/img/screenshots/certificate_staging_new.png)

Once submitted, you'll be redirected to the new certificate. Click the 
`Place New Order` button (at the bottom) to send a request to the ACME 
Server to issue a new certificate.

A new order will appear under `ACME Orders`. Wait for its `Status` to 
change to `Valid` or `Invalid`. While waiting, you can check the status 
by navigating to `Order Queue` or `Logs`.

If the Order moves to `Valid`, everything worked properly. If it moved 
to `Invalid` review the logs to determine the reason why. The most 
likely cause is an improperly configured Provider (Challenge Solver). 
Make changes as appropriate and click `Place New Order` and wait for 
the result. Repeat this process until the Order result is `Valid`.

![Valid Order](/img/screenshots/order_valid.png)

Once things are working, repeat this process with the production 
account for all of the certificates you want. Use this same process 
for future certificates.

After an Order becomes Valid, LeGo will automatically place future 
orders ~40 days before expiration to keep the certificate fresh.

:::tip
The first production certificate you should issue should be for your 
LeGo server to secure it. If you did not edit `config.yaml` LeGo will 
run in https mode using the certificate name `legocerthub` so use that
as the name of this production certificate.

Once the certificate's order is `Valid`, navigate to `Settings` and 
click `Restart` and your server will reload with https using the 
specified https port in the config file (port 4055 if not specified).
:::

Commit message:

update name to Cert Warden

docs/2_getting_started/6_first_certificate.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 6
description: 'Issuing the first certificate.'
---

# First Certificate

Once the account is ready, it is time to move on to issuing the first 
certificate.

:::tip
Use the staging account first to work out any issues or errors prior to 
trying this with your production account.
:::

## Create A Private Key

This step can be skipped when intending to generate a new key. 
Generating a new key is an option presented when creating a new 
certificate.

If you want to import an existing key, navigate to `Private Keys`, 
click `New Key`, and import the key before proceeding.

## Create A New Certificate

Navigate to `Certificates` and click `New Certificate`. Populate the 
form with the desired details.

![New Staging Certificate](/img/screenshots/certificate_staging_new.png)

Once submitted, you'll be redirected to the new certificate. Click the 
`Place New Order` button (at the bottom) to send a request to the ACME 
Server to issue a new certificate.

A new order will appear under `ACME Orders`. Wait for its `Status` to 
change to `Valid` or `Invalid`. While waiting, you can check the status 
by navigating to `Order Queue` or `Logs`.

If the Order moves to `Valid`, everything worked properly. If it moved 
to `Invalid` review the logs to determine the reason why. The most 
likely cause is an improperly configured Provider (Challenge Solver). 
Make changes as appropriate and click `Place New Order` and wait for 
the result. Repeat this process until the Order result is `Valid`.

![Valid Order](/img/screenshots/order_valid.png)

Once things are working, repeat this process with the production 
account for all of the certificates you want. Use this same process 
for future certificates.

After an Order becomes Valid, Cert Warden will automatically place future 
orders ~40 days before expiration to keep the certificate fresh.

:::tip
The first production certificate you should issue should be for your 
Cert Warden server to secure it. If you did not edit `config.yaml` Cert Warden will 
run in https mode using the certificate name `legocerthub` so use that
as the name of this production certificate.

Once the certificate's order is `Valid`, navigate to `Settings` and 
click `Restart` and your server will reload with https using the 
specified https port in the config file (port 4055 if not specified).
:::
